so soon after we are here with the
divine unboxing I command spit no longer what
you can see a little on the outside as it is
I 'm also going to have a command here
normal for you to see the comparison is
a control of playstation 4 and 1 with what
first of all let's open up though
well I already tested it to see what
it works dry it is not going to be that it does not go
whatever and well then opening it here
fucking hidden and well then
later I will also tell you how to get
one of these and all that as you can see is
pretty handsome and see if he focuses well
today around here the truth is that quite
smooth is very handsome the whole painting
is a design like that of skulls and such that
it is green and good the truth that gives me
much behind like other material and
well over here if you see that now I'll talk
what are these the buttons
shield they have here as you see you
It takes just to the fingers for these to
the call of duty and that one to jump
another to bend or slash
for what you want to put it worth they are
instead of the lever I had been told
that part very fast and all that then
the button to test it and one then the
truth is that it is my first command is
domes and tell them more than by the
levers that good he put them because
I asked for it because I put it but what
I preferred it to be studied
here you see what my
name that serves to plug the
console you see how it shines changing
color just as it commands from the broad and
normal box turns blue
red when they shoot you and all those
things are also worth that I have put more
that does not have a command as you see here
is the original remote control the
play 4 normal as you see for example
the levers are how they are different what
You see, I 've put the projects in
three because they are so much more comfortable for me
I told him to put the law
explained analog of playstation3
because I do not meet much more
comfortable with them so nothing kids
here you have the truth that is pretty
cool and you see that with the forever he gets
of blue color and such the truth very handsome
the skull design also say that
shines in the dark so when
It is night and such is the truth shines
is that that is very very handsome and what
I love it above all is that from behind
The rough it because it engages the
really quite well and ahead more
well smooth is worth to see more comfortable of
that way so it's very cool as
You see change a little color and it's
basically because of the texture is like
different kind of paint so that by
here hook more and here it was very smooth
it shines bright and the truth is very
Handsome
what else to say to you then nothing simply
I will leave in the description both the channel
of helium that makes them as your email to
that you can contact him if you want
a command you can already be that is
if you want a whole command and
modified will cost you more expensive so
if he sends you is your command and what
modify it, I needed a command like that
I told him I wanted a whole command
new and send it to me has already
modified with everything I digital
so this one controls exactly if
the new buy some and all that for you
It will cost a total of approximately 120
130 euros worth what this command is already
you can ask him what you want
ok because I for example here
they can put bullets on these
colors but to me that the truth is that
it's not that I'm really cool, I prefer it
so normal with buttons of a lifetime and
what is the painting the name here
you can put then what you the
you win or what you can do as
you want basically then it depends
of what modified them because those
will more or less be worth I also
I bought do not think here and I'm going
life so well just me
I was very excited to have a command of
personalized that you put my name is
above all and all that is what to me
cool and nothing can just leave you
as I said how it vibrates
I do not know why it is vibrating
and well then simply if you want a
command of this I will leave your channel in the
Youtube description that goes up
several models in case you want to choose
one in particular tell them then look
I want this painting with the
buttons of the others like you
you want and beige your videos and already like
said I'll put gmail to ask
tell him so I want this and I'm this
how much would it cost me like I said if I
and sends you and you adding your
it's going to cost a lot cheaper it's worth just
the change will obviously cost if
you want a new command will cost you what
are the modifications plus the command is worth
so nothing is worth the truth that
It's pretty cool, it made me a lot
illusion to have a personalized command and
nothing, I highly recommend you
ask one of these if you have a channel
of youtube delights us like me
because the truth that deserves much the
sorry and nothing I'm excited these
days with the command took me two days ago
and the truth I do not regret at all and
nothing is worth it, I simply hope that you
I liked that you voted like favorites
See you in the next video ciao
efe